BPINN solver Docs(Manual and tutorial) (#781)
SciML/NeuralPDE.jl: docs/src/tutorials/low_level_2.md

> # Using `ahmc_bayesian_pinn_pde` with the `BayesianPINN` Discretizer for the Kuramoto–Sivashinsky equation

Reviewer: Is this `ahmc_bayesian_pinn_pde` or `advancedhmc_pinn_pde`? Because I see `advancedhmc_pinn_pde` in the manuals page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Using Bayesian PINNs for Uncertainty-Aware  solutions on the Kuramoto–Sivashinsky equation
```

Reviewer 2: Why would this be low level? This is just a bpinn tutorial

bcs = [u(x, 0) ~ u_analytic(x, 0),
    u(-10, t) ~ u_analytic(-10, t),
    u(10, t) ~ u_analytic(10, t),
    Dx(u(-10, t)) ~ du(-10, t),
    Dx(u(10, t)) ~ du(10, t)]

# Space and time domains
domains = [x ∈ Interval(-10.0, 10.0),
    t ∈ Interval(0.0, 1.0)]

# Discretization
dx = 0.4;
dt = 0.2;

# Function to compute analytical solution at a specific point (x, t)
function u_analytic_point(x, t)
    z = -x / 2 + t
    return 11 + 15 * tanh(z) - 15 * tanh(z)^2 - 15 * tanh(z)^3
end

# Function to generate the dataset matrix
function generate_dataset_matrix(domains, dx, dt)
    x_values = -10:dx:10
    t_values = 0.0:dt:1.0

    dataset = []

    for t in t_values
        for x in x_values
            u_value = u_analytic_point(x, t)
            push!(dataset, [u_value, x, t])
        end
    end

    return vcat([data' for data in dataset]...)
end

datasetpde = [generate_dataset_matrix(domains, dx, dt)]
plot(datasetpde[1][:, 2], datasetpde[1][:, 1], title="Dataset from Analytical Solution")

# Add noise to dataset
datasetpde[1][:, 1] = datasetpde[1][:, 1] .+ randn(size(datasetpde[1][:, 1])) .* 5 / 100 .*
                      datasetpde[1][:, 1]

> plot!(datasetpde[1][:, 2], datasetpde[1][:, 1])

Reviewer: Can you separate below code into a separate code block? This would allow plots to be displayed.
